Emmanuel Massillon (b. 1998 in Washington D.C.) is an African American
conceptual artist who works in several different mediums including painting,
photography, and sculpture. With these varying mediums, He explores the
complex history of race, identity, culture and it's the relation to people of
African descent. Massillon's upbringing in the inner city of Washington D.C.
shapes the unique narrative that he strives to convey through his work, which
is introducing others to new ideas by creating work from day-to-day life to
politically charged topics. With this, he aims for his viewers to start and
explore conversations that may or may not have been previously spoken about.
Language and materials is very much an important part of his work; he uses
many visual puns and many examples of street vernacular which adds to the
overall experience of his artwork. The use of language and puns is directly
inspired by many genres of African-American music such as Jazz, R&B and Rap
music which Massillon believes to be one of the main preservers of black
culture in America. The materials used in his work vary from bullet shells,
dirt, found objects and wood which act as a way to express his perception on
the world by using materials found in his own environment and cultural
history. With influences as diverse as folk art, music, art history and
African history . Massillon uses many reference points to get his ideas across
to his viewers, in a simple yet evoking manner. When he isn't working on
creating artwork Massillon can be found curating shows to shed light on
artists looking to share a similar narrative as him. Massillon currently
attends The School of Visual Arts (SVA) in New York City and is pursuing a BFA
in Fine Arts. In recognition of his academic and artistic accomplishments,
Massillon was selected as a recipient of the Silas H. Rhodes Scholarship and
is a recipient of the District of Columbia Commission on the Arts and
Humanities Exhibitions (Curatorial) Grant. His work has also been included in
exhibitions in museums and galleries such as the MoCADA (Museum of
Contemporary African Diasporan Arts) & The Wish Gallery in Atlanta, Georgia.
Massillon currently lives and works between New York City & Washington DC.

