Elena Siyanko is the Artistic & Executive Director of
[PS21](https://ps21chatham.org/) (Performance Spaces for the 21st Century), a
state-of-the-art green-energy, black-box, and open-air pavilion theaters that
sit above nineteenth-century apple orchards at the apex of over 100 acres of
beautiful Hudson Valley land, two hours north of New York City. In her first
full season as director, despite the cancellations necessitated by the
Covid-19 pandemic, PS 21 was one of the few US venues able to mount a
successful program of limited residencies and live performances, thanks to its
100-acre rural location and the adaptability of its sophisticated new,
all-season performance space, expandable from a 99-seat enclosed theatre to a
350-seat open-air space. Between July and October, 2020, PS21 presented
forty-two programs of music, movement, visual art, multimedia, film, and
discussion with artists. _The New Yorker_, _Albany Times-Union_, _San Francisco
Classical Voice_, and other national and regional media praised the
performances for their excellence and originality and for integrating PS21â€™s
theater and outdoor spaces into the performances as instruments, settings, and
works of art in their own right. 

Before joining PS21 in 2019, Elena was Director of Advancement Initiatives at
the Clark Art Institute for six years, creating programs linking exhibitions
to social and cultural concerns, including the intersections of old and new
art forms such as painting, contemporary music, and film. Prior to the Clark,
Elena served as Executive Director of Monadnock Music, a chamber music
festival that pioneers works by American composers (for which it received an
ASCAP Adventurous Programming Award); was Associate Director for Cultural
Development at Bard College; Director of Marketing and Business Development at
Louise Blouin Media, focusing on art, lifestyle and culture; and founded her
own marketing communications and producing agency, Red Osmosis.
