Melinda Wang is an independent curator and Founder and Principal of MW
Projects, a cultural production and art advisory firm dedicated to bringing
contemporary art to historic sites, non-traditional venues and liminal spaces.
Large-scale projects include contemporary art exhibitions on Roosevelt Island,
aboard the _S.S. Lilac_ (a 1933 steamship), and in an 1897 French Gothic
building in midtown Manhattan. She was previously the Executive Director of
[New York Artists Equity Association](https://www.nyartistsequity.org/), a
non-profit organization founded in 1947 to promote opportunities for artists,
and founded [Equity Gallery](https://www.facebook.com/equitygallery/) (Artists
Equity’s art space on the Lower East Side) in 2015. Melinda has curated or
produced over 30 contemporary art exhibitions since 2010, with a focus on
emerging artists and socially-engaged projects.

Melinda is also the founder of [Ninth Street
Collective](https://www.ninthstreetcollective.com/), which provides
professional development services to artists. The collective has worked with
over 650 artists to identify exhibition opportunities, create press strategies
for exhibitions, revise artist statements to reflect new bodies of work,
develop social media plans and more.

Melinda graduated from Princeton University summa cum laude and received her
JD from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. She serves on the Board of
Governors of the Princeton Association of New York City and is Chair of the
Association’s Arts & Culture Committee. In addition, she is active in the
Junior Associates of the Museum of Modern Art, NEW INC at the New Museum,
French-American Foundation, Dreamers & Doers, Women Who Tech, She(256), and
several mentoring programs for entrepreneurs.
