Melissa Bianca Amore is an international curator, art critic and contemporary
philosopher based in New York. Amore’s primary area of research is the study
of phenomenology and the origins of perception. An acclaimed critic and
essayist, Amore has written for leading publications and authored museum
exhibition catalogs since 2005, including an interview on Polish-German
installation artist Alicja Kwade for _BOMB_ magazine, New York, United States
and Australian artist Natasha Johns-Messenger for her solo exhibition at Heide
Museum of Modern Art, Melbourne, Australia. Amore has undertaken the roles of
Thesis Respondent for the MFA Fine Arts Graduate Exhibitions at Parsons School
of Design, The New School and a visiting critic at Residency Unlimited, New
York and Art Omi Artists Residency, New York, among others. In addition to
Amore’s scholarly research, she has over twenty years’ experience working with
artists across curatorial, exhibition and publications sectors, within
commercial, museum and non-profit platforms. 

Amore’s most recent initiative, Re-Sited, is a non-profit arts organization
and research forum, co-founded with curator William Stover in 2016, New York.
Re-Sited re-evaluates the architecture of “site” and the “conceptual space”-
its materiality, particularities and relationship to the work of art and
examines the spatial and perceptual intersections between sculpture,
architecture and space. Re-Sited has curated several exhibitions in New York,
including _Sites of Knowledge_ at Jane Lombard Gallery, New York, which
examined spatial semiotics and language as a visual structure of knowledge
and included works by Richard Artschwager, Henri Chopin, and Michael Rakowitz. 

Amore received a Masters of Fine Arts (MFA) in Art Criticism and Writing at
the School of Visual Arts, New York, in 2014, where her academic thesis,
“Observing Observation,” was an extensive examination into the phenomenology
of perception in the works of Doug Wheeler and James Turrell. She was
previously awarded a B.A in Philosophy, History of Ideas, and a B.A in
Creative Writing (Literature) and Art History (Minor) in 2005 at Deakin
University, Melbourne, Australia, where she graduated with distinction.
Following her undergraduate studies, Amore was also selected to undertake the
Emerging Writers Program in 2006, under the stewardship of Alexie Glass-Kantor
(former Director of Gertrude Contemporary), at Gertrude Contemporary,
Melbourne, Australia.
