Dr. Sozita Goudouna is a professor, curator and the author of _Beckett’s
Breath: Anti-theatricality and the Visual Arts_, published by Edinburgh
Critical Studies in Modernism and released in the US by Oxford University
Press.  According to William Hutchings’s review, Goudouna’s book is “surely
the most ever said about the least in the entire history of literary
criticism.” She holds a PhD from the University of London on art and
respiration. Dr. Goudouna has had a distinguished 20-year career in the
cultural sector, serving in many executive roles prior to becoming the
director of the non-profit Greece in USA in 2020. 

Her internationally exhibited projects include participations at Performa
Biennial in New York, Documenta, Onassis Foundation Festival, New Museum,
Hunterian Museum, Benaki Museum, Byzantine Museum, EMST Contemporary Art
Museum among others. She is head of operations at Raymond Pettibon Foundation
and visiting professor at City University New York (CUNY) and New York
University. She has taught at New York University since 2015 as the inaugural
Andrew W. Mellon Curator fellow at Performa Biennial in NYC. Prior to joining
Performa, she was the three year artistic director of the 1st EU-funded
research and exhibitions program in Athens, under the auspices of the Ministry
of Culture. During her directorship, she curated and commissioned projects by
Martin Creed, Santiago Sierra, Lynda Benglis, and Roy Ascott. She collaborated
in 2014 with Marina Abramovic for the production of _Seven Deaths_. She is the
founding director of the US non-profit Greece in USA for the promotion of
contemporary Greek art. Sozita served as treasurer of the board of directors
of AICA Hellas International Art Critics Association and as member of the
board of directors at ITI International Theatre Association, UNESCO.
